To inquire about commercial licensing, including a multi-threaded SIMD-enabled
version, email klicensing@gmail.com 

Licensed for non-commercial use only. 

Non-commercial users are granted a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited
license without fees allowing the user to use the provided software or to
produce and use software from the provided source, in each case for
non-commercial purposes only. Under the terms of this license neither software
nor source nor any derivative product may be distributed to any third party in
any fashion. 

Recipient may not assign this license or its rights or obligations under this
license to any person or party, whether by operation of law or otherwise,
without the copyright holder's prior consent (at the copyright holder's sole
discretion). Any attempt to assign this license without the copyright holder's
prior consent, where such consent is required, shall be null and void. There
are no intended third party beneficiaries of this license.

THIS SOFTWARE/SOURCE CODE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.



